Lazydocs: API Reference doc refresh (#1424)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/sweeps/start-sweep-agents.md

Random and Bayesian searches will run forever. You must stop the process from the command line, within your python script, or the [Sweeps UI]({{< relref "./visualize-sweep-results.md" >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

> Optionally specify the number of W&B Runs a Sweep agent should try. The following code snippets demonstrate how to set a maximum number of [W&B Runs]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run" >}}) with the CLI and within a Jupyter Notebook, Python script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally specify how many W&B Runs for a Sweep agent to try. The following code snippets demonstrate how to set a maximum number of [W&B Runs]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run" >}}) with the CLI and within a Jupyter Notebook or Python script.
```
